Document Sentinel fields in INFO command (#2290)
redis/redis-doc: commands/info.md

*   `errorstat_XXX`: `count=XXX`

The **sentinel** section is only available in Redis Sentinel instances. It consists of the following fields:

*   `sentinel_masters`: Number of Redis masters monitored by this Sentinel instance
*   `sentinel_tilt`: A value of 1 means this sentinel is in TILT mode

> *   `sentinel_tilt_since_seconds`: Duration in seconds of current TILT, or -1 if not TILTed. Added in Redis 7.0.

Author: ```suggestion
*   `sentinel_tilt_since_seconds`: Duration in seconds of current TILT, or -1 if not TILTed. Added in Redis 7.0.0
```

> Here is the meaning of all fields in the **sentinel** section:
> 
> *   `sentinel_masters`: Number of master monitored by this sentinel.
> *   `sentinel_tilt`: A value of 1 means this sentinel is in TILT mode.
> *   `sentinel_tilt_since_seconds`: Indicates how many seconds this sentinel already is in the TILT mode. If it is not in TILT mode, the value will be -1. Added in Redis 7.0.
> *   `sentinel_running_scripts`: The number of scripts this sentinel is currently executing.
> *   `sentinel_scripts_queue_length`: The length of the queue of user scripts to execute.
> *   `sentinel_simulate_failure_flags`: Flags for the SENTINEL `SIMULATE-FAILURE` command, for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **sentinel** section is only available in Redis Sentinel instances. It consists of the following fields:

*   `sentinel_masters`: Number of Redis masters monitored by this Sentinel instance
*   `sentinel_tilt`: A value of 1 means this sentinel is in TILT mode
*   `sentinel_tilt_since_seconds`: Duration in seconds of current TILT, or -1 if not TILTed. Added in Redis 7.0.
*   `sentinel_running_scripts`: The number of scripts this Sentinel is currently executing
*   `sentinel_scripts_queue_length`: The length of the queue of user scripts that are pending execution
*   `sentinel_simulate_failure_flags`: Flags for the `SENTINEL SIMULATE-FAILURE` command
```

Author: thanks for the review and the suggestions!
